Clarissa here to explain the Nickelodeon Slime Time Sweet Sticks.
The interactive game you play right from your own home, live on Nick.
How you may ask?
Because Nickelodeon will put an AT&T video phone in your home if you're a contestant.
But the Nick hookup is only part of it, because playing is the way you'll win.
First face, will you please show them how it works?
Anything to help, sis?
I told him he gets the prizes if he doesn't mess this up.
Here's who you appear live.
Choose three squares, get a match, and this is what you do it!
DCR 12 Sega Genesis Game Cartridges.
A Sega arcade game.
And everyone who plays gets the Sega Genesis 16-bit video game system.
A new Tasmania game and a hundred bucks from Craft Candy Stacks.
But if you want to play, you've got it into the contest.
First, so call the Bouncing Ferguson and write this down.
To enter, send your name, address, age, and telephone number to
Slime Time Sweepstakes.
P.O. Box 4989, Orlando, Florida 32802.
So that's how it works.
I'm ready for my prizes now.
I don't think so, Burblod.
But hey, you can always enter.
The Slime Time Sweepstakes is brought to you by Pizza Hut.
Sega Genesis, Craft Candy Stacks.
And the place where only kids win.
Nickelodeon.
Snick.
That's Snick.
That's Snicket.
Snick's there.
Snick's here.
It's Snicking Hour.
Saturday night.
Nickelodeon.
It's Snick.
Snick.
We're going to Snick.
And you can Snick.
It's time.
Snick.
Now.
I think it was some ancient Greek philosopher
who first said that in order to be happy,
you should live your life in strict moderation.
That means not too much of what you do like
and not too much of what you don't like
just straight down the middle.
It's like this.
Eat as much of your favorite ice cream
as you can possibly stand.
Then, when you're a scoop away from hurling,
back off.
Stay in the sun long enough to match toast.
But hit the shade once you start
to look like a killer tomato.
Much of your clothing budget as you can on trendy shoes.
But hold off on that up-to-minute pair
that'll land you in Dorkville next week.
Personally, I think moderation is okay,
but only in moderation.
The point is to do more of what you want to do,
less of what you don't want to do,
and then convince your parents to let you do it.
Is moderation overrated?
Well, I'll let you know.
Because I've got to indulge in way too much of a good thing.
I'm going to watch 24 hours
of total TV.
Thanks, Mr. Budstein.
Homework is about to be as easy as watching TV.
We've been assigned to study an ordinary object
to figure out how to improve it.
I've chosen television.
Nach.
Mr. Budstein says the only way to know your subject
is to completely immerse yourself in it.
So, in order to improve TV,
I've decided to watch it for 24 hours straight.
Hey, anything in the name of science.
I know the ancient Greeks said all things in moderation,
but that's because they didn't have remote control
or cable guides.
Can you imagine life in pre-TVBC?
So, Dadopolis, what are we going to do tonight?
Well, Sportopolis,
I thought we could study astronomy for a while
and then discuss philosophy,
till it's too dark to see.
Sounds great.
Or we could do some painting on this pottery.
Pass me a little dry bread, please.
Sure, for God bless breath.
Why not? There's nothing else to do.
You said they were the good old days.
Personally, I'm glad to be on time for the 20th century.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
So have you figured out your school project yet?
Yep, and I'm all set to watch TV.
Are you sure you should keep putting this off?
Who's putting it off, Sam?
Watching TV is my project.
You're going to improve television?
I'm gonna try.
I figure after I watch 24 hours,
I'll have a pretty good idea of what needs improving.
Wow.
I'm going to watch TV while I get to build the better vegetable.
So how's the search for the improved veggie going?
Well, I figured that if I cross-pollinate a pea plant
and a corn plant,
I'll get square peas that don't roll around on your plate.
Cool, pea squared.
It's a big advancement to mankind, you hear?
What's with the accent, Sam?
My dad's discovered country western music.
He's been playing it non-stop all week.
I can't get that down-home twang out of my head.
I wonder what it all sound like after 24 hours of total TV.
I guess you'll know in 24 hours.
Well, does this mean you're not coming to the spring carnival tonight?
Sorry, Sam. Schoolwork comes first.
But don't you want to watch me win the pie-eating contest?
Sorry, Sam.
I guess you'll just have to choke down cherry pie
until it comes out your nose without me this year.
Okay, I'm off. I smell pie as a waiting.
You better get along, little doggie,
because I'm headed for the big TV round-up.
So long, partner.
Okay. What should I watch?
The Wide World of Mud Wrestling?
Roadkill 9-1-1?
Or America's Funniest Home Shopping?
Hmm, before I make any big decisions,
I better go stock up on supplies.
Okay, I say we go with the leafier tree.
But Marshall, don't you think a beautiful flowering tree would be nicer?
Shannon, I thought we agreed, right,
that the bare spot in the backyard needs some shade,
and a flower tree looks great for four weeks,
and then I spend the rest of the season raking.
Don't worry about the yard work, Dad.
Clues is very handy with the rake.
I'm not too bad with the baseball bat either.
Oh, Marshall, let's get the magnolia.
Okay. All right. The magnolia tree it is.
You'll learn to love it.
Yeah. Who's gonna help with the dig?
Sorry, Dad, but I'm booked. Remember, my school project.
Oh, yeah, that's right. Your TV thing.
Well, Ferguson, that leaves you.
Oh, Mom, Dad, don't you remember my aching sacroiliac?
Yeah, well, this would be the cure.
Happy digging.
Come on, Ferguson. Let's get going.
Come on, Marissa. Try not to sit too close to the screen.
Don't worry, Mom.
And come join us when you need a break.
What break? Oops.
Better gonna move on. Don't wanna miss zero hour.
The future of television might just lie in my hands.
Okay. Supplies are stocked.
I'm relaxed, yet alert, ready and raring to go.
Let the total TV marathon begin.
In five, four, three, two, one.
Well, I've been watching TV for four solid hours now.
Actually, four hours, 11 minutes and 23 seconds,
according to my total TV time meter.
And I've loved every pixel of it.
Well, maybe not every pixel.
I've already seen 36 acts of violence,
seven commercials that make drinking look cool,
and more remarkable household cleaners than I ever knew existed.
But the best thing I've seen all day
is right outside my window during my 30-second ice-train break,
from a Ferguson sentence to one afternoon of hard labor.
That makes up for all the times he's hugged the TV
and kept me from my favorite shows.
But you know, starting to wonder if I even have any favorite shows.
The shows look like commercials. The commercials look like shows.
And if you want information, they give you infomercials.
On the other hand, live TV can be pretty cool.
It puts you right in the middle of the action
for the Olympics, elections, hey, it's instant history.
I wonder what would have happened if Paul Revere's ride had been televised live.
Let's take a look at how things might have been.
We're here live with local silversmith Paul Revere,
who just hung one lantern in the North Church bell tower.
Paul, what's your message tonight?
The British are coming. The British are coming.
You heard it here first. The British are coming.
Thanks, Paul. Anything else you'd like to say?
You're right. Oh, right. One if by land, two if by sea.
Okay, fellow countrymen, that's the news.
Oh, one more thing. Arm yourselves.
Looks like you've got your work cut out for you.
You're right. I've got a world famous midnight ride coming up.
And we'll be there with live up to the minute coverage every step of the way.
Good luck, Paul. Thanks for the exclusive.
Oh, remember, Sundays are savings days at Revere Silver Shop,
10% off for patriots, 30 days same as cash.
This is Clarissa Darling reporting from the Old North Church.
And now, back to you, George.
I know exactly how to improve TV.
Make it live, all the time.
Of course, what would we do when things got boring?
Hey, I'm busy, Mr. Greenjeans. Don't you knock?
Hey, you're trekking mud all over my floor.
You mean my floor? A couple of throw pillows.
I could turn this place into something.
What are you talking about, Fergface?
Oh, once you go completely insane from watching all this TV?
I expect there'll be a vacancy.
I've always fancied a two-room suite.
Take a hike, Fergenstein.
Okay, but I'll be back.
Your eyes already look a little glazed.
That's because they're looking at you.
Anything you say, sis.
Just remember Molly McGillip.
Who?
Never mind. Don't tell me.
Well, since you asked, Molly McGillip of Eugene Oregon,
she holds the world record for continuous TV watching.
So what?
So she went completely nuts.
They had to drag her away from the television
when she claimed to be Pat's age ex-wife
and can only communicate by singing Boba Lou.
Like, I might believe that.
Fine, keep watching.
We'll have to put you in the basement,
feed you yogurt until the men in white coats
haul you off to the funny farm.
Now, wait. I'll see you there.
Now, get out.
Great.
I've already missed 11 and a half seconds of total TV.
I wonder if Madame Curie had to deal
with annoying little brothers.
So flavorful.
I hope we won't have to do that.
Okay.
We're now six hours deep into total TV.
So far, I've changed the channel 1,739 times.
And the only thing I know for sure
is that there's plenty of room for improvement.
Like, there should be a two-minute warning sign
before each commercial break
so you can get ready to make a sandwich.
And for each gratuitous babe in a bikini,
they should show Jason Priestly on a motorcycle.
I think I'm on my way to a scientific breakthrough.
Clarissa, calm down and join us
while it's still light out.
That's a good idea.
I am getting a bit of cabin fever.
I'll be right back.
I'm glad you decided to join us.
Betta Sunshine doesn't have to get in the way
of scientific research, Mom.
Do you want to watch out here?
You can't expect me to just interrupt my project.
If I don't watch continuously, my research will be flawed.
Well, maybe the scientist could use a glass of lemonade.
Thanks, Mom.
Come on, just that.
Thanks, Ferguson. You can leave it right there.
Oh, thanks. Stay right where you are, sis.
And if there's anything I can get you, please,
don't hesitate to ask.
I want to make your last few moments of sanity
as comfortable as possible.
I have an idea. Why don't you chew on some tin foil?
Look what I just happened to have found.
Mom, I want to take a look at this.
On page 47, I highlighted the good parts.
TV overload psychosis?
The major warning signs?
It's a well-documented phenomenon,
yet, lamentably, there's still no cure.
It's because they're still looking for the cure
for toxic fervorbrust syndrome.
Forecast, plenty of sunshine.
Hey, look. It's the 24-hour weather channel.
Is it nature the best?
We're now approaching hour number 14 of Total TV.
My biggest discovery so far?
It's not as much fun as I thought it would be.
There's no real give-and-take between you and the TV
except it's giving me a headache.
Hey.
What's going on?
The channels are changing on their own. They're freaking out.
They're freaking me out.
The first irreversible sign of TV overload psychosis
is audio and visual hallucinations.
Specifically, delusions of involuntary channel changing.
This is easy to cure. I'll just shut it off.
Second symptom.
Hearing the TV after you shut it off.
I can't believe this.
Ten hours left.
I must go on.
I can't go on.
I will go on.
Got to continue in the name of science.
Even if Total TV drives me totally crazy.
There's one guy who could use a superpower.
It's the president. Which one would you give him?
To be able to tell the future
so they could prevent disasters from happening.
It was kind of silly, but if they had, like,
an arm that could vacuum up all the pollution,
I would give him the power to give people more jobs
and more money so they could have a roof over their head.
Incredible.
It's Cosmo.
Yeah.
Hey Cosmo, how about a big Mac?
Hey Cosmo.
What?
How about a big Mac?
Just remember my...
McDonald's, man. Let's watch.
Oh, lunch is crumbling.
Gentlemen, today is the first day of basketball.
Tomorrow, 27 or 28 guys
put 12 positions.
All right, let's go. Get up.
It's an easy.
I assume you think you can play basketball.
A coach can put you on the team.
Your teammates can make you hustle.
A scout can get you a scholarship
and the right school can get you on to you.
Williams.
But only the love can make you a player.
Marcus.
Woo!
You got the love.
Coleman, Pugh, Thomas.
Clarissa's back and ready to snick.
Now on Nick.
Your children are...
This concludes the Late Late, Late Late Late Show.
It wasn't a while ago, was it?
Oh, no, not that channel-changing thing again.
At least we're winding down.
I think it's time for an extra-special total TV update.
Viewer discretion advised.
Late yesterday afternoon,
Mom and Dad planted their tree right on schedule.
Saturday at 6.35, 30 central.
Will their little tree survive?
Stay tuned for the thrilling conclusion.
Mom's not a tree doctor,
but she's been playing one in the kitchen.
Her special health formula has a secret ingredient.
Guess what?
Meanwhile, on a network all at his own,
Ferguson's developed a sudden interest in electronics.
He's also got blueprints of my room.
Why?
Does he think he can take it over?
This is one spin-off series that gets two thumbs way down.
As for me,
I'm showing all the classic symptoms of TV overload psychosis.
If I don't do something fast,
my signals may wind up permanently scrambled.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Hillary.
We wanted to be at the finish line.
Yes, so when do we start the countdown?
According to my total TV time meter,
let the countdown begin.
Five, four, three, two, one.
Yes!
Congratulations!
So how do you feel, champ?
Like Molly McGillip after they hauled her off.
Molly who?
Guys, do I look funny to you?
You mean like those of the clown?
Yeah, funny ha ha or funny weird.
Funny I'm completely loony.
You're not loony, you've just been up all night.
It's hard to concentrate when the channels won't stop changing.
Yeah, that's weird.
You mean it's not just me?
Wait, watch what happens when I turn it off.
Where's all that TV noise coming from?
You mean you hear it too?
Hey, it's coming from the speaker.
The speaker? That's great!
Why? It's annoying.
But it means I'm not crazy.
I thought it was just in my head, but now I see.
It was just across the hall.
What are you talking about, Clarissa?
Come on, I'll show you what I mean.
Bad James Bond movie to me.
Burgras been trying to convince me my brains are scrambled
by scrambling the TV.
The sickest part is I almost fell for it.
Now you are just in a weekend state from pulling in all nighter.
That's the one that's going to be in a weekend state
when I get through with them.
So what are you going to do?
What any self-respecting sibling would do?
Strike back.
But don't forget your school project.
Don't worry, it's all part of the big picture.
I'm going to improve television
and the quality of my life in one stroke.
Here's my idea.
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Mom.
Why are you carrying that TV around?
You're not still watching, are you?
No, the viewing's over, but I'm carrying it around too.
Well, get a feel for it.
The rest of this TV thing.
Why don't you come outside with your father and me
for a little while, huh?
I'd like to, Mom, but I can't interrupt
my regularly scheduled programming.
OK, dear.
And now here's Johnny.
Sis, please have some juice.
You're looking very peeked.
If not just for breakfast anymore.
Oh, and could you please pour a glass for my friend,
Mr. TV too?
Sure.
It's nice to have friends when you're crazy.
So, should we call the linear bin yet?
Call now. Only $2.99 for the first minute.
$0.50 for each additional minute.
Really, sis?
Tell me more.
Please stand by. This is a test.
This is only a test.
That's beautiful.
I'm so happy for you, sis.
If you act now while supplies last,
you'll receive this free commemorative Liberace plate
with your order.
Yeah, right.
A Liberace plate. That sounds great.
I'll take a dozen.
And your room.
Yes, and thanks for playing.
Have some lovely party and guests for our runners-up.
That's very interesting, but hold that thought.
I've done it.
Ferguson W. Dawes. Super genius.
Super idiots more like it.
Now that the bases are loaded,
I think it's time to knock Ferg Face out of the park.
What? Where are you?
Here.
Where?
Here. Lower, stupid.
How'd you get on TV?
I'm not-
What is this?
Hi, Glursa.
Hi, Sam. How's it going?
Hey, where's Clarissa?
Oh, I know her. See ya.
Help, Sam! I'm trapped!
Clarissa?
What are you doing in there?
Oh, please, spare me. This is clearly a videotape.
But there's no tape in there.
What do you mean?
There's gotta be a tape in there.
And how do you think I can answer you?
Hmm, techno weenie?
Hey, hey, that feels weird.
Ferguson, stop!
Hey, don't just sit there and do something.
My pixels are starting to go fuzzy.
My best friend, lost in TV land forever.
Help me. I'll never watch TV again if you just get me out of here.
This is stupid. I'm turning it off.
Don't touch it, dial. I may never come back.
Don't do it, Ferguson. How can you cancel your own sister?
Nobody's doing-
I didn't do this. She's the one that watched too much TV.
You can't pin this on me. It's not my fault.
You drove her to this, Ferguson.
You can't prove anything.
The coast is clear. You did great.
It worked?
He's totally freaked. The TV snow was a great effect.
I guess all those years in the AV squad finally paid off.
Yeah, and the attic is a great TV studio.
You should have seen Ferguson's face.
Yeah, the one time I wanted to see Fergwad's mug, and I missed it.
Yeah, TV is a powerful medium.
In the wrong hands, it could be extremely dangerous.
Forget it, Ferguson.
We're not going to take away Clarissa's TV privileges just because she tricked you.
Oh, bless you.
I can't believe I'm allergic to Magnolia Block.
I know. We should have gone with the elm tree.
Sam, peas on the cob is much better than square peas anyway.
And all it took was hard work, discipline, and a little crazy glue.
That's one small bite for man, one giant meal for mankind.
Say sport. How'd your project go?
Here, I'll show you.
Thanks, but no thanks. I've had all the TV acting stomach for a while.
Oh, come on, Ferguson. Let's have a look.
Besides, this isn't regular TV.
It's new and improved interactive Clarissa vision.
Hi, and welcome to Untv.
After an intensive analysis of the value of TV,
I decided it would be a lot more fun if we could interact with it.
How did you think about Clarissa?
Believe it or not, Ferguson provided the inspiration.
I just want you to know I didn't believe your child was praying for a minute.
Interacting with your TV is easier than you think.
Ready? Okay. Here's interactive TV exercise number one.
First, hold up your remote. Good.
Next, aim it directly at the screen in front of you.
Now you got it.
And for the third and most important step,
locate the power button and click it off.
Bye.
TV or Untv, that is the option.
Sneaking up on you.
So stay tuned.
He's a superhero.
La La Bob and FRO7.
With super powers.
He's a frog. He's a secret agent.
What I mean is he's green.
He's a leaping green fighting machine.
Give me frogs any day.
Teamed up with his partner, Nessie,
they're defending the world against the forces of evil.
He's Freddy as FRO7,
a magical musical adventure rated PG.
It starts Friday, August 28th at a theater near you.
Ah, good morning.
As we speak, my dad is preparing a scrumptious ego waffle.
The time has arrived for the ego stuff soup.
Using state-of-the-art technology,
I can move through the house undetected
to make sure that warm, crisp ego waffle is mine.
Hi, Dad.
Richard?
Hi, Ego.
Success!
Ego waffles from Kellogg's,
part of this nutritious breakfast.
Richard?
Oops.
Guess I blew my cover.
Which one of you knocked off our brother?
What the hell?
The Coralic Sisters on the New Jetsons' Fun at Denny's.
We're searching the skies above our favorite restaurant
because the Jetsons are coming.
What?
You said they're out of this world.
I meant they're fun.
What?
The Jetsons?
That's a comment.
Wow, a new movie with puzzles games.
A neat space stuff.
Well, I see your stars.
Sure, they're stars.
That's why we're so excited.
They're landing at Denny's.
Denny's.
Enjoy your summer vacation with a Jetsons travel book
filled with fun activities, puzzles, and games.
Collect all six at Denny's while supplies last.
Boy, for who ticks you off.
These are your two tickets
around the nosebleed section.
So?
They're good enough.
You can get rid of them.
If you don't like your neighbors.
Can I borrow a couple of cream of tartar, please?
You can move.
But if you're a kid,
there's one group of people you're stuck with
no matter what.
You can't fire them.
You can't divorce them.
You can't get rid of them
without going through some kind of criminal charges.
There, your family.
Tell us about them, Don Pardone.
Well, it's an entire family, Bob.
First, let's meet Dad.
He's another work recycled venture salesman
who enjoys yelling
and thinks coaching should be an Olympic sport.
Even at this low price,
your dad still comes with an IQ well into double digits.
And he's always ready with a clever job.
Pull my finger.
Go ahead, pull my finger.
Now, let's meet Mom.
She's a certified fruit cake
with 16 different personalities
and outfits to match.
Mom comes with cliche phrases such as
Well, if all your friends jumped off a cliff,
does that mean you have to?
And they ever popular.
My goodness.
Who knows where that's been?
Your family also comes with an older brother.
He's a loving kind of guy
who only wants to share all his things with you.
And that's okay that you broke my tennis racket.
As long as you learn something from the experience.
Just kidding.
He's actually a psychopath.
That makes Freddie Krueger look like a boy scout.
You little creeperzoic.
You better keep your hands off my stuff.
You just remember I can always come in your room
and suffocate you in your sleep.
Mom!
Wonderful.
That brings us to your older sister.
You could say she has all the depth
and intelligence of a piece of cheese soaked.
But that would be unfair.
To the cheese soaked.
I don't get it.
Thank you, Don Pardo, and that's the family.
Not so fast, Bob.
Where's more?
More!
Yes!
With this prize package, you also get...
the family.
Hope you like them.
If not, too bad.
Difficult person to get a long win.
Detail out of the den.
This is my beat.
Make Gary a mortgage.
Now it's time for another episode of
Dad Net.
12.06 pm.
I was up at the crack of noon
and already hard at work.
Somebody had left the toilet paper on the roll
so that it comes off under the roll.
I hate that.
But that was small change, Mr. Mina.
What I really wanted to do was nail the scum
who had been leaving the light on in the utility room.
Mom!
Have you seen my baseball gloves?
Well, yes.
Oh, honey, honey, honey.
Always use a cliche.
Oh.
You'd lose your head if it weren't nailed on.
Good work.
Your glove is right there in the utility room, sweetie.
Thanks, Mom.
The utility room.
This was just the moment I'd been looking for.
Damn.
What do you think?
I made out of money?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about kilowatts, son.
I'm talking about kilowatts flying out of the window,
like things that fly out of windows.
Oh, the light.
Oh, turn it off.
No, no, no.
It's not that simple.
Why isn't it?
Because people are starving in China, son.
What does that have to do with me leaving the light on?
Because, because I could be sending them a sandwich right now
instead of talking to you about leaving the light on.
And don't you question me.
Listen, I'll hit you so hard.
You'll land in China.
You can find out for yourself.
Where are you going?
Don't you walk away from me when I'm talking to you.
You leave the light on one more time
and you're grounded for life.
Code two, code two, TV Dad Central.
Come in.
We're experiencing a meltdown.
This is TV Dad Central.
It seems to be in the problem.
Oh, listen.
We got a TV Dad here who's losing it.
Well, how bad is it?
Dad con three, sir.
Man con three?
Well, we better send in the bad guy.
Now hold on.
I've got dick invented.
Let's try to regain control of the particular situation here.
Aw.
First of all, you got to make the cute Dad face like this.
Then you have to say cute, bad things like,
son, the thing about the thing
that you don't understand about the thing
is what the thing is all about.
Aw.
What is that?
It doesn't make any sense.
You see, it's not important to make any sense
as long as you do the laugh.
Aw.
You see, the laugh is the thing
and then you give the child a delicious pudding, Bob
and then you make the face again.
Aw.
And then you go to the make.
Dad con four.
He's just gotten way too cute.
We're going to have to go.
So mom and dad just had a precious new baby girl
and with all the attention babies getting,
you're probably feeling left out.
Well, you don't have to.
Not with the new sympathizer from has been bro.
With the sympathizer, just a touch of a button
showers you with attention
from realistic parent-like voices.
Hi, dear.
How was school?
As well as aunts and uncles.
Look how much you've grown.
Order now and receive this free kit
of 25 tried and true ways
of receiving that all-important attention
in these formative years,
including the fake broken arm.
Paste on chicken pox,
things to stick up your nose,
a realistic bruise,
and the all-new protruding femur.
That's right, the sympathizer.
Like we always say,
if you can't get praise,
settle for pity.
Roundhouse will be back to snick after this.
Twizzle.
A fruity puppet when it twizzles.
It's my birthday again.
But all the kids remember is me Lucky Charms,
the delicious part of this complete breakfast.
Well, it's magical mix
of marshmallow shapes and colors.
It's all they can think about.
Oh, what's this?
You can join the party
with your own microwavable birthday cake.
Once free.
And Mark Box is a Lucky Charms.
They're magically delicious.
More Roundhouse on Nick.
More time to snick.
Good afternoon, everyone.
I'm Doug Sue Ellen.
Welcome to another edition of The Sibling's Court.
The case you're about to see
is a semi-actual court case.
Instead of getting justice,
the two semi-actual brothers involved
have been forced by their parents
to have their cases heard here
in The Sibling's Court.
This is the plaintiff, Jeff Smith.
He claims that his younger brother
was looking at him for no reason.
He is doing for emotional damage
and is asking the judge for the death penalty.
This is the defendant, Timmy Smith.
He claims that he is rubber and Jeff is glue.
And whatever, Jeff takes two Jeffs.
He is countersuing for emotional damage
and is also asking for the death penalty.
Oh, you copycat.
This is the case of the quibbling at Sibling's.
All rise to Krusty Judge Dad presiding.
Take a load off.
Kids, I want you to know that I've read your complaints
and what I say goes.
Now, what started this?
One at a time.
One more outburst like that
and I'll set you both to contempt of living room.
Now, Jeff, you go first.
First of all, there's some cockroaches here.
Mom.
Well, I object to you calling your brother a cockroach.
Objects and sustains. Sit down.
Next witness.
What's the matter, son?
Is that true?
How many times have I told you not to hit your baby brother?
He's much smaller than you.
I hit him two days ago.
I find you guilty of hitting your baby brother
and sentence you to washing my bonnet.
Face closed.
Well, it looked like a tough break for you, Jeff.
You know, it's not fair. They never listen to me.
He's much smaller than you are.
You should know better.
We've got some papers for you to sign.
When I have kids, I'm gonna listen to everything they say.
I'm gonna love my kids.
Next week, in the case of the sisters
who fought over each other's clothes,
in the case of sisters' blisters.
That's okay, Jimmy. My brother was a weenie, too.
I had to save money by buying a sewing machine
to make your clothes.
It's okay, Mom. Really.
I mean, the third sleeve, it's fairly noticeable.
Then she saved loads
by giving you haircuts at home.
No, really, Mom.
Maybe I can get a job on Star Trek or something.
Now we've got the latest do-it-yourself plan.
That'll save a bundle.
Here's your mom's, just like yours,
the home dentistry kit.
Oh, come on, son. Be a sport.
Be a sport. Mom, my teeth are fine.
Well, sure they are now.
That's why I want to get those little suckers out of there
before they cause us any problems in the future.
Good night, you nurse sweetheart.
What is this awful grove?
Mom, I'm chewing gum.
Well, no wonder how many your teeth have got to come out.
I need an anesthetic. I need an anesthetic.
Well, certainly.
Forget the anesthetic. Forget the anesthetic.
Because Mom will try anything to save a buck.
The utility room.
Oh, come on, suckfish.
All right, hey, how about just the incisors?
Oh, no, TV.
Yes, Granted Boy, who came to Earth with powers and abilities
way lower than those of normal kids.
Granted Boy, who disguised as an ill-mannered,
zit-ridden adolescent,
fights a never-ending battle against truth,
homework, and parental authority.
Okay, son, I'm coming in there in 15 minutes
and that room had better be clean.
You wretched little environmental threat.
Looking for a good hiding place
for that unsightly mound of bedroom trash?
If so, you need the stashmatic adjustable bed.
Stashmatic uses a revolutionary system
of cranks and hydraulics
to help conceal up to four feet
of bedroom trash.
But wait, there's more.
You also get a free gift.
I got a TV.
I got the A-track player.
Calm down.
Okay, you've got two minutes.
You little dump-dweller.
Sure, whenever you're ready, Mom.
Thanks, Stashmatic.
Sorry, you got grounded.
Oh, thanks.
Oh, hey, thanks.
You're welcome.
Ladies and gentlemen, the following is a special press conference
for the vice president of the United States.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are faced with a continuing decline.
This way, Mr. Vice President.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are faced with a continuing decline
in traditional family values.
Hey, it wouldn't be so bad if we had a traditional family.
You could say that again.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are faced with a continuing decline.
No, no, no. I think she meant me.
Oh, okay.
Well, if Murphy Brown wasn't bad enough,
let's take a look at the moral decay
on Saturday morning TV.
First, there's Donald Duck who doesn't wear any pants.
And if Goofy's a dog and he wears clothes,
shouldn't Pluto wear clothes, too?
It's an outrage.
And what exactly went on between pebbles and bam-bam?
Now, listen to the lyrics
of this newly released kid's song.
Johnny Frog was a happy little frog
and he hopped off through the gland.
Cute. Now listen to this song played backwards.
You're going to play with your food.
Get on your mother.
Make a stink in your diaper.
Hey, that's your voice.
No, it's not. Yes, it is.
Wait!
This is for American family sweepstakes.
And in an hour, you can win a completely normal
American family. Fabulous!
Oh, wouldn't that be great
if we could win a normal family?
Sure would.
All right, kids, let's go. We're going to Grandma's.
Grandma's? I can't go, Dad.
I'm grounded. Oh, no.
Nobody gets out of a visit to Grandma's. Let's go.
Aw, man.
Forget Freddie. Forget Jason.
Forget the Termini.
You've never experienced her until you've been to Grandma's.
You're on your roll.
Pinches on your cheeks for a fine expression such as...
You're looking.
And you, you're getting so big.
And worst of all...
Yes, there's terrifying
experience known to kid Kai.
The grandma kiss.
Sloppy wet kisses that leave your cheek
feeling like a mackerel at low tide.
And then there's Grandma's breath.
Or is that the cat box?
Hiya, honey.
Don't, sweetie. Don't mention it, Grandma.
Now, I can never go out in public again.
Hello?
Yes.
Is this the home of Joey and Jennifer, any kid?
Uh, yeah.
This is Ed and Mick Mayonnaise.
You just want a completely normal American family.
Oh, thanks. Guess what?
What?
We just want a completely normal American family.
No way!
Wonderful. Extraordinary.
Thank you, Ada. Where's my martini?
Back to Snick after this.
There was the bunny mixing up some quick.
Who's turning you mad, Dr. Foolish?
Who's turning the world's chocolate to Brussels sprouts?
We have to stop him.
I'll distract him with some quick.
And I'll apply the machine.
Chocolatey quick? Ah, chocolatey quick.
The machine!
You should pull the plug on this one.
Pity.
Lights out already?
Almost.
Nestle quick.
It's magic in the making.
On House On Name.
More time.
Like you're completely normal.
Your new mom's a terrific cook, isn't she?
She sure is. Is there any more pudding?
Oh, hon, I'm sorry there's not,
but I'll make plenty more next time.
Well, here take mine.
Are you sure?
Sure. I gotta watch my way.
You know, I'm the captain of the basketball team.
Maybe we could shoot some hoops later.
I'll give you some pointers.
Wow, great.
Maybe you'd like to try on some of my new makeup.
Would I?
Now be excused.
Boy, this new family is really great, huh?
Wow.
Oh, don't forget tomorrow's career day at school.
All right, remember how embarrassing that was last year?
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
There's something wrong with the flashback effect.
Okay, now it's over.
Remember how embarrassing that was last year?
Yeah.
So actually, there's really not much of a market
for recycled dentures at this time.
But I am working on a new invention
that I think is really going to turn my career around.
It's a new air freshener.
Hey, let me demonstrate.
Pull my finger.
No, no.
You know what?
No, I think this year's going to be great.
So after I designed the space shuttle,
I devoted my life to bringing water
to drought-strickened areas of the third world.
I thought you kids would like some new clothes.
So take my super diamond platinum with gold trim card
and buy anything you want.
We could pick out our own clothes?
Wow, this is nothing like it used to be.
Oh, come on, forget that, you guys.
Just show the scene.
Hey, shrimpazoid.
Since you're so puny, I thought, you know,
you could have one of my old t-shirts.
Oh, thanks, I guess.
Especially since the dog had puppies on it.
It's like this one, take place all over America,
each and every single day.
Hello.
I'm Sally Blubbers.
It's a dress wrapped to seal board
to a hot-calling contest in 1967.
The boy is wearing some syndrome today.
These kids would give the shirt off their backs,
not to have to wear the shirt off someone else's.
I've ever dreamed.
Boy, I'll say.
But tell me the truth.
I mean, don't you miss our old family?
Just a little?
No.
Yeah, me either.
Hey, kids!
Come on over and get some of these
perfectly-grilled burgers and some of Mom's
perfect potato salad.
Hey, look, on the other side of the park,
it's our old family.
What?
Oh, yeah.
There's Dad burning the burgers.
Yeah, yeah, there's Mom pulling the dog's teeth.
Oh, don't let him see you looking.
All right.
Hey, what do you say?
Sport or retail football?
Oh, not right now.
I think we're going to get out of this rain.
They're freaking out or something.
What's going on?
This is some kind of androids.
You are correct, sir.
Absolutely.
Real people in every park.
Here you go, Dad.
Thanks for taking us back.
I don't mention it.
It's the least we could do.
Yeah, I guess so.
Hey, listen, could you hand me that magazine over there?
Oh, yeah, sure.
See, Dad?
Yep.
Um, am I still grounded?
Well, considering all that you've been through.
Oh, yes.
You are still grounded.
All right.
Well, I guess I'll go to my room.
Oh, hey, listen, do me a favor.
Oh, yeah.
I want to finish this article here.
So tell them to reprise the theme song and roll the credits.
Will you?
Sure.
Reprise the theme song and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me so down, I know I can go down it.
Down the mountain, down the mountain, and the fun never ends.
As long as I'm music is playing, you know what?
I can find a friend.
Down town, it takes people to a live studio audience at Nickelodeon Studio,
the Universal Studios Orlando, Florida.
Catch the next wave of snake after this.
Do you know someone like Matt?
I'm not denying anything because there's nothing to deny.
So just get off my case, would you?
Get to know 15.
Nick's continuing high school saga every weekday on Nickelodeon.
Never have I seen anything as effective as this.
The technician is very knowledgeable.
He didn't miss a spot.
Sears treats the whole house, inside, outside.
These people are talking about the effectiveness of Sears once a year pest control.
We will renew our Sears pest control because we don't ever see bugs in our house.
I renew, of course.
I've lived in Florida all my life and always battled bugs until we found Sears.
Sears authorized once a year pest control.
Call today. It works.
It's my home, not the bug's home.
He's truly magical.
He's quite musical.
He's totally terrific.
He's Freddie as FRO7.
And together with his partner, Nessie,
he'll take you to a world of enchanted.
Where anything can happen.
Freddie as FRO7.
Rated PG.
Starts Friday at a theater near you.
What a fun.
Hawaiian pun.
Wow.
Pun.
Brew juicy yellow, orange, green, and blue.
Pun, pun, pun.
Hawaiian pun.
Nothing else has the pun.
Keep it down.
Juicy pun.
Hawaiian pun.
Nothing else has the pun.
You.
What they did to my ass?
Yeah, I got shot, too.
Wow.
You know what's steampy?
This army business ain't so bad.
I think we found our net.
What did he say?
A key!
Excuse me, could you?
People.
Pace.
A word.
Fit, drip, foul.
What fit, drip, foul?
People.
Pace.
A word.
A fit.
Poo.
Follow orders.
You two insects.
Gimme.
20.
As a rule, I don't like to lend money.
Yeah, but you got an honest face.
And I think the sides likes you best,
because he gave you the most potatoes to peel.
Recruit, train, and stampy, report for tear gas training.
Tear gas room?
P.U.
I tell you, man, there's nothing to get me in there.
I...
I cheated.
I held my breath.
Boy, steampy.
You're such a knucklehead.
Listen, you moron.
I'm smart.
You're stupid.
I know how to get around that big, dopey serge.
Stick with me, kid.
I know where I'm going in life.
He bow!
Happy, happy, happy.
Peel, peel, peel.
Rest period's over.
Let's get a move on.
Did you hear me?
I said, let's get going.
You don't want to anger that big, dopey serge.
My dogs are killing me.
Boy, it sure feels good to get those boots off.
You said it.
Good night, Ren.
Good night, Steampy.
And now, all I need...
is eight hours.
I want you to drop dead.
Sleep.
No sleep.
No bed.
No, no, no.
No bed, no bed.
Hey, Guido.
It's all so clear to me now.
I'm the keeper of the cheese.
And you're the lemon merchant.
You get it?
And he knows it.
That's why he's going to kill us.
So we got to beat it.
Yeah.
Before you let's lose the marmosets.
Honest.
Don't worry, little Missy.
I'll save you.
You're graduated.
Dear full-fledged tank paratroopers.
Steampy, I can't believe it.
We made it.
Not only do we have these cool uniforms
and this swell tank,
we were also proud members of an elite fighting for.
Oh, beautiful, four spacious skies
for amber waves of grain.
For purple mountains majesty
above the prudent plain.
America, America,
God shed His grace on thee.
Start out my day with my favorite breakfast.
That's right.
Sugar-frosted milk.
The blunts and six ounces of serious lumpy even.
Morning, sis.
It's time for Ask Dr. Stupid
with your host, Dr. Stupid.
Oh, hello there.
Doctor, here's a letter from Jennifer
from Bent Arm Pit, Wyoming.
And she asks,
Dear Dr. Stupid,
what is that ugly white slab in my can of beans?
That's a very good question, Jennifer.
I'd better put on my patented stupometer on helmet.
Prepare to activate.
Boom!
The answer's simple, really.
Jennifer, that ugly white slab in your can of beans is
the queen bean.
And all the other beans
are the worker beans that serve her.
Thank you, Dr. Stupid.
Tune in next time for Ask Dr. Stupid.
Snirke will be back after this.
You idiot!
He's a superhero.
La-la-la-ban F-R-O-7
with superpowers.
He's a frog.
He's a secret agent.
What I mean is, he's green.
He's a leaping green fighting machine.
Give me frogs any day.
Teamed up with his partner, Nessie,
they're defending the world against the forces of evil.
He's Freddy as F-R-O-7,
a magical musical adventure rated PG.
Starts Friday, August 28th at a theater near you.
Introducing Levi's loose-fitting jeans.
Interpretation of the original.
Twizzle.
We love it when it twizzles.
To snag.
Sneak! How many times do I have to tell you?
Does he walk among mortal men?
What is his mission?
Where can we get a pair of undershorts like his?
Who is this man of toast?
And what does he want from us?
What is his dark secret?
Shut up!
If you ask me one more stupid question,
I'll tear your skin off.
Disguised as Pastor Toastman,
the cool youth deacon,
powdered toastman works his day job as a government clerk.
Only powdered toastman's faithful assistant
knows his dark secret.
It was me, Father,
but there's a distress call on your tostomatron communicator.
Thank you, my lovely assistant.
Will evil never rest?
I hope not.
Calling Powder Toastman.
Please respond.
Come in, Powder Toastman.
Powder Toastman here.
Mm-hmm.
Cripes, I'll get right on it.
Leave everything to me.
Though Powder Toastman is off
on another day of heroic adventure.
Jiminy.
To be powdered toastman,
assesses the situation.
Leave everything to me.
This calls for my projectile race and breath.
It's another distress call.
No time to lose.
Danger.
Don't make me come in there.
Hey, I'm saved.
Leave everything to me.
Have a taste of my hyper-corrosive croutons, Arch-villain.
Hold on, buddy.
You'll be free in a jiffy.
But Powder Toastman, what about Muddy Mudskipper?
My gosh, you're right.
How thoughtless have me.
Come on.
Wind intensity too strong.
Quick, man.
Cling tenaciously to my buttocks.
Both of them?
Another distress call.
Yes?
Leave everything to me.
Listen, something's come up.
Sorry, Mac, but I've got to attend to something really important.
Hello, fellas.
What seems to be the trouble?
We are allowed to powder toast.
Leave everything to me.
I'm sorry, fellas.
I almost forgot.
My toast particles are dissipating.
That can only mean one thing.
A call from Washington.
Mr. President, what seems to be the trouble?
I've got it in my own zipper.
Leave everything to me.
Any time you're ready, Mr. President.
Okay, full.
I'll thank you, Powder Toastman.
And thus, the president goes into recovery.
But what shall happen to America?
Who will run the country?
Leave everything to me.
And Powder Toastman is sworn into office.
I, Powder Toastman, do solemnly swear
to relieve the American citizens
of their basic human rights.
Lovely assistance, take a letter.
The letter M.
Furthermore, let's hold off the talks with the Kremlin
until we settle the new Three Stooges stamp controversy.
Personally, my vote goes with Shemp.
Although Curly is certainly nothing to take lightly.
That'll be all faithful one.
Well, I guess that takes care of the day's business.
Man, this job is too cushy for me.
It's chilly in here.
Ah, here's the problem.
The fires died down.
Let's see.
We need something dry here.
Here's some dusty old papers.
That's much better.
I'm gonna survive till junior high.
That's why Nickelodeon presents D.O.U.G. Doug.
Doug, he's two eyes, four limbs,
and 84 pounds of wishful thinking,
plagued by grown-ups, hounded by homework,
a little nervous about girls.
He's just a kid trying to make the grave.
Seventh grade.
What are you waiting for, Fanny?
Hop too!
Chomp, chomp!
Can Doug pull through?
How do I ever get into this mess?
Find out on Doug,
one of the Nicktoons every Sunday morning
at 10, 9 central on Nick.
He's a superhero.
La, la, la, then.
F-R-O-7.
With super powers,
he's a frog.
He's a secret agent.
What I mean is, he's green.
He's a leaping green fighting machine.
Give me frogs any day.
Teamed up with his partner, Nessie,
they're defending the world against the forces of evil.
He's Freddy as F-R-O-7,
a magical musical adventure rated PG.
Starts Friday, August 28th at a theater near you.
Gentlemen, today is the first day of basketball.
From odd 27 to 28 guys,
for 12 positions.
Get up, it's an easy.
I assume you think you can play basketball.
A coach can put you on the team.
Your teammates can make you hustle.
A scout can get you a scholarship
and the right school can get you on the team.
Williams.
But only the love can make you a player.
Marcus.
Woo!
You got the love.
Coleman.
Pew.
Thomas.
Snick.
What's Snick?
Uno.
Snick is the only place to watch Clarissa explains it all.
Snick.
Dos.
Snick is the roundhouse non-stop hip-hop comedy shop.
Snick.
Plus.
Snick is where the new episodes of Ren and Stimpy premiere.
Quattro.
Snick is the all-new nightmares
of Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Snick is.
El tiempo primo.
Primetime Saturday night.
Four nicks shows that Snick,
every Saturday starting at eight.
Snick.
You can hear it coming
from Frostbite Falls
where gentle woodland creatures roam free
where mighty rams do battle
and low it is the tiny flying squirrel
and the noble moose.
It's really me.
Boris, look.
It's moose and squirrel.
It's always moose and squirrel.
We're called the Midnight Society.
Separately, we're very different.
We like different things.
We go to different schools
and we have different friends.
But one thing draws us together.
The dark.
Each week, we gather around this fire
to share our fears
and our strange and scary tales.
It's what got us together
and it's what keeps bringing us back.
This is a warning to all who join us.
You're going to leave the comfort of the light
and step into the world of the supernatural.
Hey, watch it, man.
Sorry.
Frank Moore, you're here to be considered
as a new member of the Midnight Society.
Yeah.
What's with the blindfold?
This meeting place is secret.
Yeah.
And you're not in yet.
Swell.
Who sponsors Frank?
I do.
He's a good guy.
Yeah, but can you tell a good story?
Who said that?
To be a member,
you have to tell us a scary tale.
Then we vote
and it has to be unanimous
or you're not in.
You ready?
Hey, I'm ready.
Are you guys ready?
Ooh.
Well, I'm scared now.
I'm sorry.
Not unless you get in.
You're the sponsor, Dave.
You guys started.
Remember how to do it?
Just say the word.
Any time.
Okay, let's do it.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I called the story
the tale of a phantom cab.
Denny and Buzz were brothers.
Denny was big, strong, and smart.
Buzz was, well, kind of a geek
who wanted to prove himself to his big brother.
Neither guy knew
was that on this hiking trip
Buzz was going to get the chance.
So where are we, Tonto?
That's a strange.
We're lost, aren't we?
Don't sweat, Denny.
I know how to plot a course.
You never trust me.
I did trust you and you got us lost, cheeseball.
We're not lost.
Watch it.
Great, lame wad.
Now we're lost and we can't read the map.
You are such a loser.
I'm not a loser.
And we're not losers who came up on.
We could circle back and take the red trail.
Man, this is wax.
Watch the edge.
Grab my hand.
Take the compass.
Surely let you fall.
The guys really were lost.
It was just a pain at first,
but nighttime was coming on fast
and it was getting cold.
It doesn't make sense.
You even know how to use this?
Give me a break.
We've been going south for hours.
We should have been in town by now.
Look, the needle points north and we're heading south.
What can I say?
Is that the way you always hold it?
Yeah, so?
You're belt buckle genius.
It's metal.
The needle's always going to point to it because it's a magnet.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, uh-oh.
We've been going the wrong way all day.
Now we're lost and it's freezing.
You are worthless.
No, no.
I know this place.
We've got to be close to town.
I should pound you.
Maybe it's a ranger.
Or maybe it's a hiker that knows his way back to town.
I hope he's got a blanket.
I'm freezing.
Me too.
Forget it.
You can freeze.
Maybe it's a maniac killing a hockey mask that's going to slash us.
Or maybe you should stay here and let me do the talking.
Uh, hey, hello?
Who's there?
Whoa, turn off the brights.
Hello?
What have we here?
I'm Buzz.
And this is Denny.
We got lost and we can't find the trail back to town.
Easy toad.
You're not a ranger, are you?
Ranger?
No, not me.
I'm traveling the same as you.
Flynn's the name.
So what are you doing up here?
Are you lost too?
Lost, me.
Oh, you might say that.
Oh, I suppose I couldn't be truly lost.
I know these woods too well.
We far from town?
Farther than you know, my friends.
Farther than you know.
So can you help us get back?
Me?
Yeah, I do.
I don't see anybody else here.
You guys look half frozen.
Tell you what, you follow me.
And I'll lead you to someone who can help you.
Wait.
I wouldn't go with him.
He gives me the creeps.
You got a better idea?
Don't worry, I can handle this too.
Why don't you just tell us how to get back?
Too far.
You'll never find your way in the dark.
So who's this guy you're taking us to?
A good doctor.
He's got a cottage.
A little ways up here.
In the woods?
What kind of a doctor lives in the woods?
Nations, boys.
You'll see.
By the way, how are you guys solving riddles?
Riddles, why?
Just asking.
There you go, boys.
Home of the good doctor.
Just like I promised.
You guys thought I was joking, didn't you?
Who lives here, the Seven Dwarfs?
There's just one thing, guys.
Before you go asking the doctor for help,
you make sure you really need it.
Why?
Well, sometimes the price he charges is a little steep.
So why don't you just tell us how...
Yo, Flynn.
This is creepy.
Let's bolt.
To where?
We're lost, remember?
We're not going in there.
What else are we gonna do?
It's freezing.
Maybe he's got a phone.
Gough, would ya?
I'm sorry I got us lost, Danny.
Don't worry.
I'll smack you when we get home.
What's that?
Flynn, I know it's you.
He's trying to scare us.
He's doing a good job.
Can't be him, too.
Probably a raccoon.
See, what's going on?
You boys have made a very grave mistake.
I don't suppose either of you are any good at riddles.
Anybody here?
Take a look at the new stuff on Nick.
We got tunes, a place to snick.
Plus the wildest games, animals, sports,
brand new episodes, brand new shows, brand new...
So don't be the last to find out.
The First Kids Network's got great new stuff.
And now to snick with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
I think we have the wrong house, bye.
Boys, boys, you've made a mistake.
If you like my door at this time of night,
you've taken a wrong turn and lost your way.
Correct?
Yeah.
Happens all the time.
Come in, come in, get warm.
To Vink.
Dr. Vink?
Vink with a V, V, V, V, V.
Who wants tea?
I do.
Hot tea on a cold night.
Perfect.
Flynn said you could help us find a way to get back to...
Natural science.
That's why I'm here, in case you're wondering.
I've dedicated my life to studying flora and fauna.
Who?
There are many strange and wonderful things
that occur in nature.
But no one takes the time to really look and study.
Observe.
This guy's a nut bag.
Behold.
A true wonder of nature.
The brain of a wild boar.
I've discovered that long after the body dies,
the brain still gives off electric impulses.
Can you imagine if that energy could be harnessed?
And I am not a nut bag.
Look, my parents are probably going nuts by now.
And, uh...
Riddles.
How are you boys at Riddles?
Doc, we're tired and we just want to go home.
Indeed, indeed.
But first, the riddle.
Try this one.
How far can you walk into the woods?
We don't want to do riddles.
You must.
Riddles exercise your brain.
And where would you be with no brain?
I don't know. Ask the wild boar.
Halfway.
Say what?
He asked how far he can walk into the woods.
Halfway.
After that, you'll be walking out.
Good! Very good!
You may do.
I'm going to call her, folks.
No, no, not yet!
We've only just begun.
No, I think we're done.
We play by my rules, or we don't play.
What do you want?
Another riddle?
Here's the deal.
I ask you a riddle,
and if you solve it,
you can call your parents.
And if we don't solve it?
Then you leave.
That's it? We just leave?
Simple, no?
Let's do it. I'm good at riddles.
Okay, what's the riddle?
Wonderful! Wonderful!
What riddle?
Let's see. There's the...
maybe the perfect choice.
This is a riddle that has complexed many
and confounded even more in our young lads.
It's your turn to solve it.
What is it?
That has no weight and be seen by the naked eye.
If you put it in a barrel,
it would make the barrel lighter.
I hate riddles.
Okay, it's weightless.
It can be seen by the naked eye,
and if put in a barrel,
it would make the barrel lighter.
So?
I don't know.
Goodbye!
I knew you wouldn't get it.
What?
You had your chance and failed.
Like all the others.
Others? What others?
Go away.
You know where the door is.
But we're lost!
Take a left on the trail,
follow it to the dirt road and wait.
A taxi cab will pick you up.
A cab? In the woods?
Comes by every night.
Hurry. Or you'll miss it.
Come on, dawg. Just let us use the phone.
There is one way, I suppose.
What? What's that?
You can leave me a specimen.
A specimen?
You're much smarter than your brother gives you credit for.
What kind of specimen?
Something I can use in my experiments.
Something valuable.
Something fresh.
Something like...
Goodbye!
For now.
Wait a minute. No fair.
You can't put a riddle in a story that can't be solved.
Maybe it can.
Yeah, right. It's weightless.
You can see it, and if you put it in a barrel, it makes the barrel lighter.
No way.
Sounds like one of those riddles you can't solve.
That's a cheat.
No. Maybe it can be solved.
Maybe you should all just lighten up and let me finish the story.
Thank you.
So, Denny and Buzz beat feet back into the woods.
All they wanted was to get as far away from Dr. Vink as possible.
Somebody's hand?
You saw it. The guy's a lunatic.
As soon as we get home, I'm calling the cops.
We're still lost, you know?
Yeah, I know.
You don't think a cab's gonna come by?
Yeah, real. There's no cabs in the woods.
And are we ever glad you came by?
Take us into town.
Our pants will be the fur when we get home.
Don't worry. I know you're good for it.
Flynn!
I figured I'd run into you guys again.
I guess you didn't solve the riddle.
How do you know? Who are you?
I give a ride to folks who can't answer Dr. Vink's riddles.
Happened to me around 40 years ago.
Hold on. 40 years ago?
I gave Dr. Vink a ride up here in my cab.
He offered me a big tip if I could solve the riddle.
I couldn't. So he took a specimen from me.
What kind of specimen?
He didn't see it at his house?
Oh boy! I think it's one of his favorites.
What is it? It's not what it is.
It's what it was.
Oh! He took your hand?
I got off easy.
40 years I've been bringing folks up to Dr. Vink's,
hoping they can solve the riddle.
But they don't. So they all end up here with me.
What happens to them?
Hey, Dr. Vink's needs his specimens.
You're a lying sack. First of all, you're not that old.
Didn't I tell you? Before the good doctor got his specimen,
I had myself a nasty little accident.
Crashed into this big old tree.
You might say,
I'm sort of dying!
They all died. Just like me.
Every night I had the same accident with a different fare.
It's kind of a curse.
You've probably heard some of my fares up around Dr. Vink's house.
The bushes! They were ghosts!
Nobody can leave until someone solves Dr. Vink's riddle.
I was hoping the two of you could do it.
You know, somehow break the spell.
Oh well. Wait till you see the accident we're going to have.
It's going to be a real doozy.
This is your fault! You said you could solve the riddle.
Still got time. You don't crash another old 30 seconds.
I think that's boys.
Think!
Okay, okay. It's weightless.
It could be seen by the naked eye.
And it's put in a barrel.
It'll make the barrel lighter.
We're dead. We're dead!
I can't think like this!
You have to.
It's helium. Helium will make the barrel lighter.
But you can't see helium!
Won't be long now.
What can you see that's weightless?
Air. But you can't see air.
Or can you?
Wait a second. There's a trick here.
You can't put something in the barrel to make it lighter.
You have to take something out.
If you take something out of the barrel itself, it'll be lighter.
Wait till you see the explosion we're going to make.
I got it! I know the answer!
Where is it?
It's weightless. You can see it.
And if you put it in the barrel, it'll make the barrel...
Live!
Where's the cab?
It's gone.
Where's the curse? We're saved!
We didn't break the curse.
You did.
Nice going.
But you're still a loser.
Not again!
You're Denny and Buzz Crocker?
Yeah.
Your parents have been going nuts looking for you.
The whole town's in an uproar.
Come on, Gideon.
What are you boys doing here anyway?
Tell me something.
How are you at riddles?
No one ever saw the phantom cab again.
And when the boys brought the police back to Dr. Wink's cottage,
all that was left was an old stone foundation
covered with weeds.
The end.
And now the vote.
Thumbs up means Frank's in, thumbs down he's not.
And it has to be anonymous.
David, Kiki,
Diane,
Kristen,
Eric,
and me.
Congratulations, Frank.
Welcome to the Midnight Society.
Good job.
Denny.
Frank.
We snicked.
They will have snicked.
It is post-snick.
You can sneak again next Saturday night on Nickelodeon.